---
typora-copy-images-to: ../assets/img/
typora-root-url: ../
layout: post
categories: 
conToc: true
title: Resumen
---

Mi aplicaciónes es un SIEM, que consiste en un sistema que centraliza el almacenamiento y la interpretación de los datos relevante de seguridad

#### V1. Architecture, Design and Threat Modeling

##### V1.4 Access Control Architecture

1.4.1 Verify that trusted enforcement points, such as access control gateways, servers, and serverless functions, enforce access controls. Never enforce access controls on the client.

L2 / 602

**Implantación de una función dentro del software que solo permita realizar configuracion de control de acceso en el equipo servidor**



#### V2. Authentication

##### V2.1 Password Security

2.1.1 Verify that user set passwords are at least 12 characters in length (after multiple spaces are combined).

L2 / 521

**Implantación de una política de contraseñas seguras con requisitos mínimos de creación**



#### V3. Session Management

##### V3.2 Session Binding

3.2.1 Verify the application generates a new session token on user authentication.

L0 / 384

**No se ha implantado ninguna funcion que permita la creción de un nuevo token de sesión**



#### V4. Access Control

##### V4.1 General Access Control Design

4.1.2 Verify that all user and data attributes and policy information used by access controls cannot be manipulated by end users unless specifically authorized.

L1 / 639

**Se ha implantado una lista de control de acceso no solo para el acceso a la información sino también para los permisos**



#### V5. Validation, Sanitizationand Encoding

##### V5.1 Input Validation

5.1.1 Verify that the application has defenses against HTTP parameter pollution attacks, particularly if the application framework makes no distinction about the source of request parameters (GET, POST, cookies, headers, or environment variables).

L2 / 235

**Implantación de una función dentro de la aplicación que permite detectar y denegar la inyección de código, tal como HTTP, SQL, etc.**



#### V6. Stored Cryptography

##### V6.3 Random Values

6.3.1 Verify that all random numbers, random file names, random GUIDs, and random strings are generated using the cryptographic module's approved cryptographically secure random number generator when these random values are intended to be not guessable by an attacker. 

L0 / 338

**No hay implantado un sistema para la detección y verificación de cadenas de valores aletorios**

##### 

#### V7. Error Handlin and Logging

##### V7.1 Log Content

7.1.3 Verify that the application logs security relevant events including successful and failed authentication events, access control failures, deserialization failures and input validation failures.

L3 / 778

**Hay implantado una función que permite el almacenado y procesado de los logs del programa para la advertencia de posibles fallos o errores.**



#### V8. Data Protection

##### V8.1 General Data Protection

8.1.6 Verify that backups are stored securely to prevent data from being stolen or corrupted.

L3 / 19

**Hay implantada una función que añade un copiado de seguridad de los últimos datos procesados por la aplicación**



#### V9. Communication

##### V9.2 Server Communication Security

9.2.1 Verify that connections to and from the server use trusted TLS certificates. Where internally generated or self-signed certificates are used, the server must be configured to only trust specific internal CAs and specific self-signed certificates. All others should be rejected.

L2 / 295

**La aplicación viene implantada con su propia entidad certificadora que genera los certificados TLS**



#### V10. Malicious Code

##### V10.3 Application Integrity

10.3.1 Verify that if the application has a client or server auto-update feature, updates should be obtained over secure channels and digitally signed. The update code must validate the digital signature of the update before installing or executing the update.

L2 / 16

**La aplicación cuenta con la comprobación de la firma digital a la hora de actualizar el programa**

#### V11. Business Logic

##### V11.1 Business Logic Security

11.1.8 Verify that the application has configurable alerting when automated attacks or unusual activity is detected.

L2 / 390

**Implantación de un sistema de atertas contra ataques de denegación de servicio**

#### V12. Files and Resources

##### V12.1 File Upload

12.1.3 Verify that a file size quota and maximum number of files per user is enforced to ensure that a single user cannot fill up the storage with too many files, or excessively large files.

L1 / 770

**Creación de unas cuotas de espacio, la cuál limita la cantidad de ficheros que puede subir un usuario al programa.**

#### V13. API and Web Service

##### V13.1 Generic Web Service Security

13.1.1 Verify that all application components use the same encodings and parsers to avoid parsing attacks that exploit different URI or file parsing behavior that could be used in SSRF and RFI attacks.

L1 / 116

**No se ha implementado.**

#### V14. Configuration

##### V14.1 Build and Deploy

14.1.1 Verify that the application build and deployment processes are performed in a secure and repeatable way, such as CI / CD automation, automated configuration management, and automated deployment scripts.

L1 / (No CWE Linked)

**No se ha implementado.**
